README.md, before:

# Team Members
- Seth Jernigan (Team Manager)
- Kyle Myint
- Louis Romeo
- Mustafa Alnidawi

# Project: Memory Game
- [Taiga](https://tree.taiga.io/project/sethj50-memorycardgame335/timeline)

## Project Description

Our project is a Memory Game which is played by flipping over cards to make matches, and you receive a score based on the number of moves taken. There are pages to view the game, settings, your stats, leaderboards, and even a store to unlock more features. We have additional game modes such as odd one out, where one card doesn't have a match, three of a kind, where you need to find three matching cards to complete the set, and a game mode with power cards that have special effects.

### Wow Factors

- Item shop
  - We have many special features and game modes that can be purchased in the item shop. Users earn coins via daily login and completing games, and can use them to buy different card designs, harder game modes, and new power cards.

- Power Card game mode
  - This game mode is unique as it has cards that, when revealed, have special effects. For example, the Star card will automatically reveal a matching card for the other card you select. The bomb card will show you all of the surrounding cards for you to quickly memorize before they flip back over.

Commit message:

Added video link to readme

README.md, after:

# Team Members
- Seth Jernigan (Team Manager)
- Kyle Myint
- Louis Romeo
- Mustafa Alnidawi

# Project: Memory Game
- [Taiga](https://tree.taiga.io/project/sethj50-memorycardgame335/timeline)
- [Video going through project](https://arizona.zoom.us/rec/share/iggPnHen28yK_grdw7FG-OYbsG3mcv2BWDaK3V98j8UWUEks5WqYnG3nDIWKZPwd.-OytuMyAVIH5ZH5n?startTime=1714519559000)
 - There may be delays or inconsistencies in the video as there were severe lag issues while recording

## Project Description

Our project is a Memory Game which is played by flipping over cards to make matches, and you receive a score based on the number of moves taken. There are pages to view the game, settings, your stats, leaderboards, and even a store to unlock more features. We have additional game modes such as odd one out, where one card doesn't have a match, three of a kind, where you need to find three matching cards to complete the set, and a game mode with power cards that have special effects.

### Wow Factors

- Item shop
  - We have many special features and game modes that can be purchased in the item shop. Users earn coins via daily login and completing games, and can use them to buy different card designs, harder game modes, and new power cards.

- Power Card game mode
  - This game mode is unique as it has cards that, when revealed, have special effects. For example, the Star card will automatically reveal a matching card for the other card you select. The bomb card will show you all of the surrounding cards for you to quickly memorize before they flip back over.
